God, what if the big customer is a black gold dragon pattern?
owner
There's nothing wrong with my card. I'll give a call and try it.
Call for help
This is illegal.
Store manager, call the police
Who swiped the card just now?
Manager, this lady forged blackheart rumble cards.
I have called the police.
Blind your dog eyes
He is a super big customer with assets of 10 trillion yuan
Manager, are you mistaken?
He can't be recognized by this card.
What do you know?
This kind of card has a protection mechanism.
Ordinary machines can't recognize it at all
Please give me the card.
I'll brush it for you.
Thanks.
Hello, this is your card.
A total of 1.28 million
Please keep it. Thank you.
What do you want to do?
I ask you, how did you get this card?
Did you steal it?
I have endured you for a long time
Stop messing with me